# KananBuoyV2
Kanan Buoy v2 brings a new approach using a videovigilance camera plus a Wireless NanoStation

## Description of script
Can you make a script in C++ that takes the images from he webcam Reolink RLC-81PA IP using the command http://192.168.1.55/cgi-bin/api.cgi?cmd=Snap&channel=0&rs=Takito&user=admin&password=jumanji3&width=3840&height=2160? Make sure the command also includes telling the camera for the amount of megapixels set in the config file. This script will forever run in a pc and will ask the camera to only take X pictures per day. Make it so the times can be read every time before a picture is taken from an external file. You can choose the best format for this config file. Look into the command for all the paramenters that can be configured from the camera snapshot. This file and code will handle different cameras we must read from. Therefore, this file and this program needs to take into account that multiple cameras can be connected to the network and each of can have a different configuration.
I am imagining that the code will have a sw unit reading the config file 3 times per day, that can be configured as well in this config file. Default hardcoded values will be at 9, 13 and 18. If these refreshing times are given in the file, take the new values. Every time we reach one of this refreshing times, this sw unit must read from the config file. This file will contain the characteristics of every camera connected to the system. Which means that every refresh should check if new cameras are added or removed. 
When a camera is added, this sw filesystem unit will create an camera object that will contain the camera information and at what time we want the carema to take pictures. The amount per pictures and time of this pictures per day is different across cameras and each camera can have different amount of pics per day.
Every time each one of these cameras takes a picture, they will send the information to another sw storage unit. This unit will be in charge of actively running a process in the background that listens to all the active cameras and receives images from them through queues or other interprocess communication channel. Then, this process will be in charge of being aware of which cameras are added and which ones are removed for every refresh period. For every camera added, the sw storage unit will create a new folder with the camera ID. Whenever this camera sends an image to the sw storage unit, the picture will be saved into the camera's specific folder with the name of the camera that took the picture and the times stamp.